Documentation update (#83)
fluencelabs/fluence-js: README.md

# Fluence JS

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@fluencelabs/fluence)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@fluencelabs/fluence)

> Official javascript-based implementation of the Fluence Peer.

Author: There is reference one which is rust-based. This on is JS-based

> Official javascript-based implementation of the Fluence Peer.

Reviewer: it's not "based", it's written in that language and provides APIs for that language. 

"Rust-based"/"JS-based" would be if we took Rust/JS, fork it, and then continue on that codebase. But that's not the case.

## Getting started

> To start developing applications with Fluence JS refer to the official [gitbook page](https://doc.fluence.dev/docs/js-sdk)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start developing applications with Fluence JS refer to the official [documentation](https://doc.fluence.dev/docs/js-sdk)
```
